
what is emmet?
=> It's a plugin most popularly used for text editors which improves HTML & CSS WorkFlow.

Difference between Library & FrameWork?
=> Library: We are in charge of the flow of the application. We are choosing when and where to call the library.
=>Framework: Framework is in charge of the flow It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.

What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDN: COntent Delivery Network
A CDN is a content delivery network. It is a system of distributed servers that deliver content to a user based on their geographic location.
The benefits of using a CDN in React Js are many. CDNs can improve the performance of your website by reducing the latency of content delivery 
and by providing a higher level of availability. CDNs can also help to improve the security of your website by providing a distributed denial of 
service (DDoS) protection.

Why React known as React?
This API reacts to any state or property changes, and works with data of any form (as deeply structured as the graph itself) so I think the name is fitting.

What is crossorigin in script tag?
=>The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.

Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.

A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

CORS is used to manage cross-origin requests.

CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their own domain. It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * HTTP header. For a better error handling experience in React >= 16.

What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?
=>React : Responsible for creating views.
          a global variable for building of ui such as React.createElement()
=>ReactDOM : Responsible to render UI in the browser.
             for rendering the components in the browser by injecting them inside the root of DOM, root.render()

What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
react.development.js => only for development purposes not suitable for production

react.production.js => Minified and optimized production versions of React